Update console audit log feature documentation (#12039) (#12620)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-console-auditing.md

- You can only enable and disable the console audit logging for your organization. You can only track the actions of users in your organization.
- After the console audit logging is enabled, all event types of the TiDB Cloud console will be audited, and you cannot specify only auditing some of them.

## Enable console audit logging

The console audit logging feature is disabled by default. To enable it, take the following steps:

1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.

> 2. Click **Setting** in the upper-right corner to enable console audit logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Setting** in the upper-right corner, and then enable console audit logging.
```

> 2. If it is the first time your organization enables console audit logging, click **Enable Console Audit Logging**. Otherwise, click **Setting** in the upper-right corner to enable console audit logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Setting** in the upper-right corner to enable console audit logging.
```
